update-center certificate rotation blogpost (#4144)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/blog/2021/03/2021-03-01-update-center-certificate-rotation.adoc

---
layout: post
title: "Update-Center certificate rotation"
tags:
- announcement
- update-center
author: olblak
description: Announcement, Update.jenkins.io certificate rotation
opengraph:

>   image: /images/logo-title-opengraph.png

Author: Indeed I reuse an image from the git repository, that would be awesome if you could add your image

>   image: /images/logo-title-opengraph.png

Reviewer: Done.  Uploaded as 7dde52e93e52adc212297256190712feda0f213b

---

= Update-center Certificate Rotation

**IMPORTANT**

> On the 22nd of March 2021, we’ll rotate the update-center certificate. This means that by default any Jenkins version older than 2.178 (April 2018), won’t be able to communicate with the update-center anymore. The update-center usually support version up to one year old. The current oldest stable version supported is https://updates.jenkins-ci.org/2.204/[2.204] which was released in November 2019.

Author: > Jenkins LTS (stable) versions older than https://updates.jenkins.io/2.204/[2.204] won't be able to communicate with the update center when the new certificate is installed.

2.204 is the  current oldest supported version by the update-center.

> On the 22nd of March 2021, we’ll rotate the update-center certificate. This means that by default any Jenkins version older than 2.178 (April 2018), won’t be able to communicate with the update-center anymore. The update-center usually support version up to one year old. The current oldest stable version supported is https://updates.jenkins-ci.org/2.204/[2.204] which was released in November 2019.

Author: Instead I would put 

```suggestion
On the 22nd of March 2021, we’ll rotate the Jenkins update center certificate.
The existing certificate expires in April 2021.
When the new certificate is installed on March 22, 2021, Jenkins versions older than 2.178 (April 2018), won’t be able to communicate with the update center.
Regarding plugins update, the update-center usually supports up to one-year-old Jenkins core version with https://updates.jenkins.io/2.204/[2.204] being the oldest version supported.
```

> On the 22nd of March 2021, we’ll rotate the update-center certificate. This means that by default any Jenkins version older than 2.178 (April 2018), won’t be able to communicate with the update-center anymore. The update-center usually support version up to one year old. The current oldest stable version supported is https://updates.jenkins-ci.org/2.204/[2.204] which was released in November 2019.

Reviewer: That looks good to me.  Might consider changing from 

> the update-center usually supports up to one-year-old Jenkins core **version** with

to 

> the update-center usually supports up to one-year-old Jenkins core **versions** with (emphasis added)

> On the 22nd of March 2021, we’ll rotate the update-center certificate. This means that by default any Jenkins version older than 2.178 (April 2018), won’t be able to communicate with the update-center anymore. The update-center usually support version up to one year old. The current oldest stable version supported is https://updates.jenkins-ci.org/2.204/[2.204] which was released in November 2019.

Author: @MarkEWaite I updated my suggestion with your comment, "versions", feel free to commit my suggestion if it's fine for you

If you don't regularly do updates, well you probably have your reasons but I really encourage you to look at security https://www.jenkins.io/security/advisories/[advisories] and consider regularly updating your instances.

> **What**

Author: I found it weird to use the heading as the font size is too big, but that's a personal opinion

> **What**

Reviewer: Thanks for the clarification.  I like that you thought about it and may an intentional decision.  Your choice is great for me.

---
layout: post
title: "Update-Center certificate rotation"
tags:
- announcement
- update-center
author: olblak
description: Announcement, Update.jenkins.io certificate rotation
opengraph:
  image: /images/post-images/2021-03-01-update-center-certificate-rotation/certificate-rotation-opengraph.png
---

= Update-center Certificate Rotation

**IMPORTANT**

On the 22nd of March 2021, we’ll rotate the Jenkins update center certificate.
The existing certificate expires in April 2021.

> When the new certificate is installed on March 22, 2021, Jenkins versions older than 2.178 (April 2018), won’t be able to communicate with the update center.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the new certificate is installed on March 22, 2021, Jenkins versions older than 2.178 (April 2018), won’t be able to communicate with the default and experimental update centers.
Instances using alternative update centers (self-hosted or vendor-provided) will not not be affected by this change.
```

> Regarding plugins update, the update-center usually supports up to one-year-old Jenkins core versions with https://updates.jenkins.io/2.204/[2.204] being the oldest version supported.

Reviewer 2: Move to "what?"

---
layout: post
title: "Update-Center certificate rotation"
tags:
- announcement
- update-center
author: olblak
description: Announcement, Update.jenkins.io certificate rotation
opengraph:
  image: /images/post-images/2021-03-01-update-center-certificate-rotation/certificate-rotation-opengraph.png
---

= Update-center Certificate Rotation

> **IMPORTANT**

Author: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer: Included in 18d9b2cb920c3a60856cc5e20dcb67ef31d0ea28
